fix(challenge): update Statistics Calculator: Step 27 (#53196)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-advanced-array-methods-by-building-a-statistics-calculator/65f83a7ca7047318e3ccff7c.md

---
id: 65f83a7ca7047318e3ccff7c
title: Step 32
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-32
---

# --description--

> Please remove `return counts` from the `getMode` function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returning the `counts` variable was only for testing purposes. Now that you are finished testing, you can delete the `return counts` line from the `getMode` function. 
```

> Returning the `counts` variable was only for testing purposes. Now that you are finished testing, you can delete the `return counts` line from the `getMode` function. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returning the `counts` variable was only for testing purposes. Now that you are done testing, remove the `return counts` line from the `getMode` function. 
```
